#

The scripts to obtain the research data can be found in this step folder and are numbered sequentially 1-7. Steps 1-2 should be executed in order and before any of the other scripts are run. The scripts (3-5) can be run in any order, after both steps 1 and 2 are completed. The remaining steps (6-7) should be run in order and after at least on of the steps 3, 4, or 5 has completed.

The scripts can be executed on the command line using the following command:

   `./01.OPT.sh`, 

for instance. 

## Descriptions

Below are brief descriptions of what each script does.

1. 01.OPT.sh

This script optimizes the CO2 monomer and dimer geometry using the mbCO2 potential energy function. The starting geometry configurations can be found in the common folder in this directory. 

2. 02.FREQ.sh

This script runs the `anharmonic.x` program, which calculates the harmonic frequencies and computes the QFF parameters for each of the optimized structures. In fact, four calculations are performed: (1) monomer, (2) dimer, (3) dimer intermolecular modes and (4) dimer intramolecular modes. The `anharmonic.x` program also produces the necessary input data for the MaVi, SINDO, and NITROGEN programs. 

3. 03.MaVi.sh

This script calculates the anharmonic vibrational frequencies for monomer and intramolecular frequencies for the dimer using a QFF potential with the MaVi software package. 

4. 04.SINDO.sh

This script computes the anharmonic vibrational frequencies for the monomer and the intramolecular frequencies for the dimer using a Gauss-Hermite quadrature potential with the SINDO software package. This step takes a significant amount of time to complete.

5. 05.NITROGEN.sh

This script calculates the anharmonic intermolecular vibrational frequencies for the dimer using general curvilinear coordinates in the NITROGEN software package. This step takes a significant amount of time to complete. 

6. 06.TABLES-FC.sh

This script obtains the QFF parameters used in the calculations and inserts them into a '.tex' file. 

7. 07.TABLES-FREQ.sh

This script obtains the vibrational frequencies for the monomer and dimer and inserts them into a '.tex' file. 

